The Joe Rogan experience.
My prognosis is that it will break itself, break itself.
It will just, it, the backlash to it,
which can be reasonable and liberal people are going to wake up and they're
going to have peak woke and they're not going to have more woke.
And it will chew itself up from the inside.
With these fights between is here's an example of a fight here's exemplified 16,
19 project from the New York times. Nicole Hannah Jones writes this, you know,
kind of fake history of the United States saying that we're all about slavery.
Slavery is everything to do with the United States in every regard from the
beginning and still, and then, uh, what are they doing now? Right?
So there's this huge,
intense fight between the black population and the indigenous population for
most racially oppressed. And they both have a pretty good claim on it, right?
So that genocide thing was pretty, pretty big.
And then slavery was pretty big and it's complicated.
So they're going to, they're fighting for status.
So you had the indigenous side of that assert that black people in north
America are settlers of color, which is a problem. And then you've had Nicole,
Hannah Jones tried to point out that lots of native Americans held black slaves,
which so there were slave owners, which is a problem.
So they're fighting over that in fighting for status for the ultimate victim
status. And then they've got like that trans things coming.
I saw a video of some black woman the other day yelling about what is this black
power fist on the trans flag about? That's not, you know,
that's not what this is supposed to be all black.
People's not supposed to be at white people,
trans white people putting their stuff. I thought.
It was really clever that trans people jumped in and had that black
trans lives matter rally. Right? Cause it was like, you,
you might be the only people that can get away with this right now.
This is the thing. No one else can hop in on that, but black trans lives matter.
And there was like hundreds of thousands of people because everybody felt like
you had to just keep, keep protesting.
Yeah, exactly. So I think it's going to chew itself up inside,
but everything that took over is going with it. Like the, the,
I don't know how long it's gonna take the university to not be kind of like a,
I don't know about that anymore. Well.
Yeah. When do they say anything like that?
Particularly if they get so much massive pushback from the people that they're,
you know, they're teaching.
Right?
I mean the number of people right now that are saying they want deferrals,
partly because of the COVID in online classes,
they don't want to go back to college.
And then this stuff's blown out in every college presidents.
Like we're going to be a full anti racist thing.
The other thing nobody's factoring in yet is the other backlash,
which is going to be law. Okay. Uh,
Niagara falls of lawsuits has coming because a bunch of people are,
so here's here. Like, imagine you run a business, you, you do run a business.
So all of a sudden, you know, this event happens,
everybody's supposed to have their statement.
There's tons of social pressure to make your statement.
If you don't make a statement, it's compelled, you know, say, oh, your business,
didn't say something about black lives matter.
So you have to say something one way or the other.
So everybody's making a statement,
everybody's trying to do the thing and they don't know what to do.
So I hear from a lot of people that email me about, um, the, at their job,
what their, they talked to their boss and the boss is like, well,
we have to do something. And there's this, you know, there's this program,
this anti-racism program. So we have to do something. And that's the thing.
And we'll just take it up in.
A lot of people are successfully pushing back on that and saying, look,
there are other ways we can actually do other diversity programs and this one.
And when they realize that, you know, a lot of bosses are saying, huh, yeah,
maybe we should think a little harder about this.
So everybody's acting really fast. And there is a,
there's a clear moral panic going on.
So people are making bad decisions and they're opening themselves up to a lot of
future litigation.
Like if you're actually having an official statement or policy of your company
that says something like, uh,
that you believe that all white people are complicit and racism or racists,
and you've now called all your white employees, racist. That's not good.
That's probably discriminatory. But do you think.
You can actually Sue someone for that?
My point isn't whether or not you can,
my point is that a lot of people are going to try.
But I think that the courts are even siding towards being more woke because it's
society's cultural shifts.
Some yes and some, no. And that's, there's a point to that.
But on the other hand, for example, if you look at the title,
nine cases were those mostly boys would, it wasn't always,
boys got wholly railroaded in kangaroo courts.
They got accused of sexual misconduct.
The university ends up expelling them or whatever, you know,
the girl with a mattress or whatever that happened.
And then they're suing in civil court and they're almost all winning.
Is that, did that kid, the mattress boy, did he Sue? I don't know.
No. If he did specifically or not,
but I do know that there've been a number of civil suits.
That lady was bringing her mattress on the stage when she accepted her,
her diploma.
I mean, it's performance art. Yeah. It's just performance art.
It's it's really like, we can't run the world on performance art though.
Yeah. Wow. What's really strange too,
is that if you accuse someone of something and it turns out that not be true,
you don't really get in trouble for that. That.
That's the thing. That's a real problem because there's no.
Actual repercussions for being deceptive and ruining someone's life.
I have a friend who was accused of sexual assault by a woman,
and it was proven that he didn't do it and nothing ever happened to her that's
she made some stuff up about him. And.
So we got laws against revenge porn, right?
Like you can't like film your girlfriend or whatever,
and then you break up and then you put it on her,
put her on the internet to put her on blast or embarrass her or whatever it's
against the law. Now we made laws about that.
I mean this doxing stuff or these videos where they're filming people and
accusing him of being racist and it blows up their lives.
Like there may have to be legislation built around that.
So the question becomes will, the political will be there.
And that depends on the people. And it depends on the politicians.
I know your lovely state here in California,
just the state legislature just voted to take the anti-discrimination language
out of the state constitution, which I think is a bold move. Um,
I think the people get to decide on that in the, and maybe November,
but what is the anti-discrimination.
Language in the constitution that they're removing?
Yeah.
You're going to pull that one up as like article 31 or something like that.
It is unbelievable that they voted to put this up to be pulled out of the
constitution. What, what was there? It's like,
you can't discriminate or favor by race, uh,
gender sex, sexual orientation, so on and so forth. Why would they remove that?
Because equity requires discrimination. If you listen to this guy,
that's blasting all over EBM candy.
That how to be anti-racist even has a sentence in the book where he says that
you have to evaluate everything according to whether it has racist or anti
outcomes.
So if you have discrimination policy that says you cannot discriminate,
and then that makes it so you don't have equity,
then that's actually a racist policy. So they're actually advocate. I mean,
equity requires discrimination, correct, but it'll be positive discriminate.
Well, it might actually be white males.
It'll be discrimination for at first discrimination for minority.
So the equivalent of affirmative action and reparations,
and then they'll add in possibly discrimination against if they aren't achieving
what they're trying to.
Is this clear that this is their motivations is.
I mean, they're, they don't lie about it.
They just say it all the time is that if it's, if you don't have equal outcomes,
then the system must be, I mean, you can see how this is like putting like,
you know, wallpaper over a hole in your wall.
If the system has unequal outcomes, it must be discrimination.
So you're just to going to change the policies to make up for it. And that,
I mean, they say it explicitly and you see this,
that there've been actually there's a lawsuit, at least one lawsuit,
one in New York city where they were openly discriminating against Asian
students. Like they were,
they were discriminating against Asians to make it cause they're, you know,
they're academically kicking all the. And so they were making.
It more difficult for, they would have to have had a higher GPA to get in. Yeah.
W where's going,
what's going on with that Harvard there's a lawsuit with Harvard with that.
Right. I don't know where it, where it's at though. Yeah. That is a,
that's troubling. This.
This is troubling stuff. And I mean, I say, California does this.
I don't know what happens because it's in violation of the federal laws.
So, I mean, it's directly against the title seven who's pushing for that.
Uh who's. I mean,
all of these kinds of like hustlers that are getting all famous are pushing for
it, but then I, again,
as your state legislature actually voted amongst themselves to put it up to a
vote, um, all the more reason to, to move to Texas or something.
That's so spooky. It's like, where do they think the goes? It's like,
there's no map of the territory. There's no,
like if we do this, then you know,
we're going to have this kind of success in the future because, you know, we'll,
we will discriminate to the point where we reach some sort of
homeostasis. I mean, equality. Okay.